{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A large amount of continuously generated text data is called a text stream. Sentiment analysis of these text streams is an effective way to capture public opinion. Online learning is required to construct and improve the deep learning model for sentiment analysis in real time. However online learning has constraints that data should be trained only once and the learning process must be done quickly. Under these constraints, sentiment analysis model should use the appropriate word embedding. Non-contextual word embedding like GloVe is not appropriate for sentiment analysis in a subject-changing text stream environment. And the fine-tuning approaches have the problem of slowing the speed of online learning in that it updates the weights of the embedding layers during the learning process. we propose online deep learning technique using contextual embedding as a feature extraction approach for sentiment analysis. we use the BERT(Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers) as pre-trained contextual word embedding and build sentiment analysis model by online learning. Experiments show that it is possible to have good performance by online learning of small data.}